I want for Geon-woo to be fully recovered.
[uneasy music plays]
That is my wish.
[nurse] Doctor! Patient Kim Geon-woo
is showing spontaneous breathing.
I think you should come see him right now.
[Geon-woo breathes heavily]
WISH GRANTED
[timer ticks]
[Ha-joon sighs]
Ha-joon. come here right away. I can
help you. but it has to be in person.
[music stops]
I have an idea. Se-ah.
[mysterious music plays]
There's someone I think you should meet.
My older sister.
Your sister?
Ha-young?
[Ha-joon] Mm.
You said she was studying abroad.
All that was a lie.
The truth is that I was embarrassed.
She quit her job years ago.
changed her name. and became a shaman.
-[Se-ah] A shaman?
-I didn't want anyone to know.
[driver] Holy shit.
-Is this really the right way?
-Yes. Just keep on following the GPS.
-Please. sir. It's important.
-[driver] Okay. okay.
I knew taking this fare was a mistake.
Now I'm screwed.
[music fades]
[tires screech]
Sorry. guys. I just can't get through.
[taxi drives away]
[Se-ah] Ha-joon. are you sure
this is the right way?
I think so.
Don't worry. Follow me.
[owl hoots]
[suspenseful music plays]
[panting]
-[Se-ah] Ha-joon.
-What's wrong?
Are you really sure this is the right way?
Uh-huh.
-[screams]
-[Ha-joon] What's wrong?
-[Se-ah] Bugs!
-[Ha-joon] What is it? Se-ah. wait up!
[Se-ah screams]
Oh! [sighs] Oh.
[Ha-joon] Se-ah. hold up. Wait!
[Se-ah breathes heavily]
Oh shit. Where are we?
[both panting]
Stay close.
[tense music plays]
IF WISHES COULD KILL
[banging on gate]
[music stops]
[Se-ah] Are you sure
someone actually lives here?
[Ha-joon] I think so.
[Se-ah] You think so?
You said you've been here.
I've never been inside.
What?
There's also a guy here. He's super weird.
and he guards this house like a bouncer.
And every time I come here.
he blocks the door and goes.
"You can't come in unless you're invited."
Why would you need to be invited?
You should be able to visit your sister.
I know! But I can't talk to this guy.
I told him I wouldn't go inside. but maybe
my sister could meet me outside. He said…
He said. if my sister
were to leave this house.
she would die.
He could've just said
she didn't want to see me.
There's another thing I really hate.
You know what this weirdo calls me?
He calls me--
Brother-in-law.
[intriguing music plays]
I told you not to call me that.
-Hello there.
-Hi.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Welcome. brother-in-law.
[door creaks]
[music stops]
[Ha-joon] Can we walk a little faster?
Your sister said you'd be coming.
brother-in-law.
-Knock it off.
-Sorry. She's excited to see you. Ha-joon.
-She's been waiting for you all day.
-[Ha-joon] Don't touch me.
-Right up here. Let's go.
-[cell phone buzzes]
GEON-WOO
[Geon-woo] Se-ah?
Mm. Is everything okay?
[Geon-woo] Why haven't you been answering?
I've been trying to get in touch with you.
I was moved to a different room.
-Why haven't you come to see me?
-[Se-ah] Geon-woo.
The thing is
I couldn't make it to see you
because I'm a little far away.
[Geon-woo] No worries. I'll come to you.
Where are you right now?
[eerie music plays]
Se-ah? Hello?
Where should I go?
Tell me where you are.
[door opens]
-Don't answer that!
-[gasps]
[eerie squelching]
[Geon-woo] For fuck's sake!
I asked you where you are!
-Who is that?
-[squeaks]
-[Geon-woo] Answer me now.
-Hang up.
You can't move at all?
-Bangwool. get the rope!
-On it. Brother-in-law. move!
Stay there!
[Geon-woo] If you keep ignoring me.
I'll rip out your boyfriend's tongue.
He doesn't have the power to do that.
[Geon-woo] Remember
how your boyfriend went all ballistic?
Next. I'll throw him against the wall
and smash his fucking skull.
-Wait! What the hell is going on?
-[Bangwool] Brother-in-law. please!
-What are you doing?
-[Bangwool] It's too dangerous!
-What's dangerous?
-Just trust your sister.
[Geon-woo] Do you think
that will save you?
[laughs] You. your boyfriend.
I'll kill you all!
[Geon-woo laughs]
[girl] You wanna play with me. huh?
[Se-ah wheezes]
[girl] Se-ah.
Se-ah…
Se-ah!
-[girl laughs]
-[Se-ah wheezes]
[Se-ah groans]
[music fades]
-Take her to the altar.
-Don't touch her!
What happened? What did you do to her?
She's been taken by a spirit.
I have to bring her back.
A spirit? What the hell?
There's no time to explain. Ha-joon.
If I don't get her out soon. she'll die.
Do not come out of this room
until Bangwool gives you the signal.
No matter what happens outside.
don't come out.
[tense music plays]
[timer ticks]
Haetsal. Leave what happens outside to me.
Just do what you need to do on the inside.
[sighs]
Good. you're back.
[chuckles]
[Haetsal] Descendant of the Yoo family.
Eighteen years old.
Her name is Se-ah.
[snake hisses]
[snake rattles]
[tense music builds]
Protect the living soul.
and banish the soul of the dead.
May her passage be a safe one.
Please guard this child.
Open the soul door to the light.
Open the spirit door to the light.
Let the soul and spirit enter this vessel.
Cast out all the evil and foul things
beyond the orijeong.
I beseech you
to embrace this child's spirit.
Se-ah.
[echoing] Se-ah. find me.
It's time. child.
-Se-ah!
-[gasps]
[breathes heavily]
[breathes shakily]
-[Haetsal] Se-ah.
-[gasps]
I'm here with you.
I'm here to help you
and direct your strength.
Ha-young?
I don't…
Follow my voice.
[breathes shakily]
Where are we? And what do I do?
This is the realm where your curse began.
Don't worry. Se-ah.
I need you to listen to every word I say.
If you can find the first door
and pass through three rooms.
we can get out together.
Where's the door?
How do I know where to go?
[inhales sharply]
Bangwool. We're ready.
[tense percussive music plays]
[wind rushes]
[jingling]
God of doors.
and goddess of fire and hearth.
God of home. God of gates and beams.
Protect us all.
I invoke you to guard this house.
[yells]
[uneasy music plays]
[gasps]
Before you go in.
there's one important rule.
Don't ever look behind you.
Once you pass through a door.
move forward only.
In this realm.
if you see me. they see me as well.
Who?
The spirit that killed your friend
and dragged you here.
If it sees me. all the doors
I made to protect you will be gone.
I don't know.
I don't know if I can do this on my own.
Do you see the thread around your wrist?
This is proof
that you and I are connected.
The door that leads you out of the room
will appear beyond your biggest fears.
The path is not easy.
But have faith that I am right behind you.
[echoing] You can do this. Se-ah.
[Bangwool] Haetsal.
The incense is burning faster than usual.
The doors are going to close quickly.
so be careful.
We've received the message
of the god of life and strength.
Haetsal is seated in the hour of Eul.
May the door not let the evil through.
[Bangwool's voice fades]
[gasps]
[tense eerie music plays]
[unsettling soundscape]
[doors slam]
[breathes shakily]
[click]
[gasps]
-[creaking]
-[light clangs]
[click]
[Se-ah breathes shakily]
NURSE'S OFFICE
[clicking]
[click]
[clicking speeds up]
[clicking stops]
[breathes shakily]
[tapping]
Before you go in.
there's one important rule.
Don't ever look behind you.
Every door is beyond your biggest fears.
Keep looking forward.
Don't look back. no matter what.
[breathes shakily]
-[thud]
-[gasps]
[Se-ah breathes shakily]
[clicking]
Se-ah?
[panicked breathing]
[glass shatters]
[Hyeong-wook] Girigo.
My wish is to get a perfect score.
[Hyeong-wook yells]
[distant screaming]
[tense eerie music builds]
[Hyeong-wook grunts]
[squelching]
[music fades]
[Se-ah breathes shakily]
Hyeong-wook. no.
[dramatic sinister music plays]
[gasps]
[Hyeong-wook] Help me!
Se-ah.
[music stops]
[breathes shakily]
[quiet ominous music plays]
This is your fault.
[breathes shakily]
I don't wanna die alone.
[cries]
Se-ah!
I was wrong.
[Hyeong-wook sobs]
-Please help me.
-It's okay.
[sobs]
[wheezes]
[clicking]
No! Please. Se-ah! It's happening again!
[breathes shakily]
[whimpers]
Agh. stop it! Stop it! Make it stop!
Se-ah!
[Hyeong-wook wails]
[panicked breathing]
[ominous music crescendos]
[breathes shakily]
[tense music plays]
[gasps]
[breathes shakily]
[knife slices]
[chuckles]
[flesh squelches]
[Hyeong-wook laughs maniacally]
[breathes shakily]
What's happening to me? I'm a loser.
[unsettling music plays]
[Hyeong-wook] Se-ah.
[echoing] I had
a really weird phone call earlier.
It was your number on the screen.
And it sounded like you.
A voice just like yours
making fun of me with the others.
Only it wasn't you.
[unsettling music intensifies]
[laughs maniacally]
[laughs]
You're not my friend. You're nothing.
You think
you're so intimidating and scary?
[wheezes]
You're not even real.
[dramatic music plays]
[Se-ah gasps]
[panting]
[flesh squelches]
Leave me alone!
[squelching continues]
[laughs]
[Se-ah screams]
[tense eerie music plays]
[breathes shakily]
[breathes deeply]
[Haetsal breathes heavily]
[Haetsal gasps]
Bangwool. Prepare the second door.
[suspenseful music plays]
[bells jingle]
[wind blows]
The legs of the Ancients
and the ten kings.
the spirit of the first palace. every wing
of every bird. protect this house.
Every wing. cast your shadow
and keep us unseen.
Conceal this child
and allow her safe passage.
We ask the legs of the world to not bend
and the wings…
[screeching]
[crashing]
[breathes heavily]
[tense eerie music plays]
[gentle piano music plays]
Daddy. when I win
my first school competition.
what present will you buy me?
Daddy. come on!
[dad] Mm-hmm.
[breathes shakily]
[tense music plays]
Who gave you the idea
you were getting anything?
[cries]
[dad] I love you.
Se-ah.
[gasps]
Okay. love bug.
Your dad needs to concentrate on the road.
[whimpers]
[Se-ah sobs]
-Mom!
-[mom] Watch out!
[tires screech]
[car crashes]
[jingling]
[Haetsal] Se-ah. We have to go.
[gentle piano music plays]
[wheezes]
[tense music sting]
[mom] Se-ah?
Is it you?
[Haetsal] There's not much time left.
Please!
We have to find the door.
[sniffles]
[Se-ah cries]
Less than a third left. If you stay in
there. I'm coming in and pulling you out!
[Haetsal] No one should be left alone
in a place like this.
If I have to. I'll take off my mask.
Don't you dare. Absolutely not!
Listen to me. Haetsal!
If you go in there without your mask.
both of you will be trapped.
Stop it now!
I won't let you throw everything away.
I'm begging you. Please.
[cell phone buzzes]
NA-RI
[Se-ah's mom] Oh. my sweet girl.
Mom.
[mom] We didn't have enough time
to truly know you
or watch you grow up
before we left you on your own.
I'm so sorry.
If I could've left this place.
I would have found my way back to you.
I've been waiting for you for so long.
I missed you.
Oh. my sweet girl.
Can you stay with me a little longer
so I can see the beautiful woman
you've grown into?
[Bangwool] Once the door closes.
it's over for both of you.
The plan's not working!
We'll think of something else. Haetsal.
GIRIGO INSTALLED
OPEN
GIRIGO
MAKE A WISH
[music fades]
NOVEMBER 24. 2008
KANG
I'm sorry.
But. Mom.
I can't stay.
[sniffles]
[mom screams]
[mom] Come back!
If you don't turn around.
I'll be in pain and damned here forever!
Se-ah! Please!
Look at me!
[screams]
Se-ah!
Turn around right now!
Otherwise. your dad and I
will burn here for eternity! [screams]
We don't want to die!
Se-ah. look at me! Look at us!
[screams]
[gasps]
[Bangwool] Se-ah.
Se-ah.
Tell us you're okay.
-[breathes heavily]
-[Bangwool] You want to sit up?
Take it easy. Just breathe.
[breathes heavily]
[Bangwool] You did so well.
You should be proud of yourself.
I shouldn't have dragged you
all the way out here.
I'm sorry I put you through this.
-And Ha-young?
-Changing out of her clothes and resting.
This stuff takes a toll on her.
[breathes deeply]
[Bangwool chuckles]
[Haetsal] Se-ah. can you hear me?
[tense music plays]
Are you hearing
someone else talking to you?
[Haetsal] Don't answer him. Just listen.
-Is there somebody else in this room?
-[Haetsal] None of this is real.
This is the third space.
What is it? What's wrong with her?
What's going on?
Something could've latched on her
from the other side.
When the door collapsed. Se-ah. I think
it crossed with you over to this side.
[Haetsal] Notice I'm not there right now?
Ask them to call me.
They won't be able to
because I'm still wearing the mask.
Can you call Ha-young?
I'd like to speak to her.
-Okay. I'll get her right now.
-No. wait.
They're looking for Haetsal
from the other side?
They're using her weakened state
to take advantage.
[breathes deeply]
The spirit has latched on you.
Se-ah.
Listen carefully.
Remember Haetsal told you
to never look behind you. no matter what?
And if you did.
the spirits will be able to see her too?
You have to look behind.
So I can see it too.
Then I can deal with it.
[Haetsal] Don't look back!
He's trying to fool you.
Find the door and get out of there.
Those doors are not the way out.
Remember when you collapsed at our gate
as you were about to enter the house?
[Haetsal] Stay calm. Breathe.
-Find a way out!
-There's nowhere to go!
[Haetsal] Leave. Quickly!
Listen to my voice.
Um. I don't know what's real.
Um. I… I don't know anymore!
[Ha-joon yelps]
-What's wrong?
-[Ha-joon whimpers]
[Ha-joon yelps]
[Ha-joon whimpers]
Se-ah! Se-ah. who is that?
[Ha-joon breathes shakily]
Se… Is that…
Is that what you guys
have been seeing all along?
Why are you acting like this?
H… how is that possible?
I panicked. [breathes shakily]
It looked like you were dying.
So I also made a wish.
[timer ticks]
[dramatic music plays]
[panicked breathing]
[screams]
Go! Get away! Get out!
[Ha-joon screams]
The only way to save your friend
is to look behind you.
-So turn around!
-[Ha-joon] There!
[Se-ah] Ha-joon. no!
[bones creak]
[Se-ah breathes heavily]
-[Bangwool] Look. Before it's too late!
-Oh God. help me!
-Make it stop!
-[Bangwool] Look. damn it! Look!
Se-ah. help me! Se-ah!
[girl] Found you.
[unsettling music plays]
[Haetsal gasps]
[Haetsal chokes]
Haetsal! Are you out?
-Tell me.
-[Haetsal] It found me.
I have to fight my way out now.
Open the door again.
If I open the door again.
you only get three minutes. That's it.
[Bangwool sighs]
[silence]
[shaky breathing]
[tense eerie music plays]
[ticking]
[water splashes]
[gasps]
[breathes shakily]
[creaking]
[ominous ticking continues]
[Se-ah breathes shakily]
[creaking]
[splashing]
[ticking stops]
[Se-ah gasps]
[creaking]
[breathes shakily]
[unsettling music plays]
[wheezes]
[splutters]
[Se-ah wheezes]
[chokes]
[eerie whooshing]
[breathes shakily]
[Haetsal] Se-ah!
We need to stay connected.
We have to get you through that door. Run!
[tense eerie music plays]
[ticking]
[Haetsal grunts]
[Haetsal yells]
[breathes heavily]
[music fades]
Ha-young?
[gentle music plays]
[Haetsal] It's over now. Just rest.
[chuckles]
Brother-in-law!
[gasps softly]
[gasps]
Se-ah. are you okay?
No. don't worry about me.
I'm totally fine.
She'll go back to being herself. right?
-Is that blood?
-So you do care about me.
She'll be fine for now.
But I'm sorry to say
our fight is not finished yet.
How?
We've severed the thread
to the other side. but only momentarily.
To end this for good.
we have to find the maehyung
and get rid of it.
[Bangwool] Your arm.
Don't make a fuss.
Take care of the kids first.
-Ha-joon. can you move Se-ah inside?
-Yeah.
Show me your arm.
Stop. I told you. it's nothing.
You call that nothing?
If you keep using that power.
you'll never be able to leave this house.
It'll get harder and harder.
[Haetsal] I know.
Look after the kids.
and I'll tend my own wounds. okay?
[exhales]
-[Haetsal] Okay?
-[sighs]
[music stops]
[snake hisses]
[quiet tense music plays]
[music fades]
Oh. Na-ri?
Na-ri!
You still haven't gone home?
Uh. no. not yet.
Ah. You're looking for Geon-woo?
-He's not in the ICU anymore.
-Really?
He's much better.
so we moved him to another ward.
[exhales] Thank God.
That's great news.
How is he doing now?
He regained consciousness
about an hour ago.
-You can see him. He's allowed visitors.
-[sighs] Great. I'll do that.
[chuckles]
-[Ha-joon chokes]
-[Geon-woo laughs maniacally]
[uneasy music plays]
I really did that?
I don't want to give you bad news.
but Se-ah said. after that.
she couldn't bear to see you.
That's why I'm the only one here.
[music fades]
Get to the point.
Why'd you call me out here?
[Bangwool groans]
Scooch.
Planning on making a wish? Hm?
[groans] Ow!
[groans] Why the hell did you hit me?
-[groans]
-Don't ever do that again.
It only makes things harder
for your sister.
If you cause her more harm. I'll forbid
you to visit at all. brother-in-law.
[groans] Besides. didn't you come
all this way to earn her trust?
Or not?
Then why don't you start
trusting her already?
I'm begging. okay? Please.
Oh. please. and blah. blah.
Brother-in-law.
I wish he would stop calling me that.
Here are some clean clothes.
We need to burn the ones you were wearing.
Your arm.
I thought you hurt it.
-[Haetsal] Oh.
-[Se-ah] I'm sorry.
Because I didn't trust you.
now you're in danger.
It's me who should apologize. You came
this far and I couldn't see it through.
I never asked you about your past.
I just told you to keep on going.
no matter what.
I shouldn't have let you see
such horrible things.
It wasn't all horrible. you know?
It might sound silly or kind of strange.
but it was
nice to see my parents again.
even in that awful place.
-Se-ah.
-I know that it was just an illusion.
[tense music plays]
-But still--
-Not everything was fake in there.
Your real memories were mixed in.
Memories so painful
you had to bury them in your subconscious.
I'm sure your mom
who tried to save you was real.
Whatever that spirit is. it was trying
to use your memories against you.
And that's not fair.
-Ha-Young?
-Hm?
Please help me finish this
so it doesn't happen again.
[gentle music plays]
You're the only one
who can stop that girl on the other side
once and for all.
[electronic music sting]
[Haetsal] This app
that you guys call Girigo
is a strong curse
created by a vengeful spirit.
To put an end to this. we need to find
and destroy something called maehyung
that connects our side. where we are.
to the other side.
where the vengeful spirit is.
Maehyung?
Mm-hm. Maehyung.
"Mae" as in "to bury."
And "hyung" as in "cruel."
Maehyung is an object that contains
the essence of a powerful curse.
Do you remember that red phone
that was connected to your wrist
when you saw that girl?
[uneasy music plays]
[eerie squelching]
Yeah.
You need to bring that
to this house right away.
Is it only Se-ah who can do it?
We don't have a choice. Se-ah is
the only person who can hold the phone.
She's also the only one
who's connected to the vengeful spirit.
to me. and the other side.
[music fades]
[Bangwool moans] Oh. brother-in-law.
[thunder rumbles]
[tense music plays]
[squelching]
[Se-ah mumbles]
[mumbles]
-[sinister music plays]
-[ominous squelching]
[breathes heavily]
[eerie ominous music plays]
[music fades]
[eerie rhythmic wind rushing]
[ominous percussive music plays]
[music fades]